Tonight, these patients
have serious problems with
their bizarre body implants.
I had my pec implants done.
I did bicep implants
a few months ago.
- This arm could use
- a little bit of work.
And a cameo by
a fan favorite.
Is this for down here?
No, that's not for down there!
-Whoa, oh, it's slipping.
-[gasping]
- I spent a lot of money
- on this, I'm not happy.
I've had
calf implants for 17 years,
and they look like they
came from another human being.
I have to tape my leg
- so that it's not
- sticking out like a brick.
I've never worn
a dress in my life.
[gasps]
- This is the biggest
- calf implant I've ever seen.
-Look how big this is.
-Oh, my gosh!
I want my calf implants back.
[dramatic music]
And a patient requires an
expanding implant in her neck.
My mark gets inflamed.
It bleeds,
it cracks, it burns.
- I literally have
- a beast growing on my neck.
- This is one
- of the cranial nerves.
If you put pressure on it,
- it can slow down most
- of your bodily functions.
♪♪♪
- Jazmyn just gets
- home to Chicago,
and then the nightmare starts.
Did we just
open up the wound?
- Probably
- the beginning of infection.
♪♪♪
♪ I wanna be sexy, sexy ♪
♪ I wanna be hot, hot ♪
♪ Fix me,
make me beautiful ♪
♪♪♪
♪ I wanna be perfect ♪
- ["I'm Your Unicorn" by
- Devin Hoffman & Holiday Rogers]
- ♪ Fly like Tinkerbell,
- yeah yeah yeah yeah ♪
♪ Shake with tremolo
Iím all over like ♪
♪ Yeah yeah yeah yeah ♪
My name is Tyler. I'm 23, but
if you were to ask me, I'm 18.
I grew up in a very small town.
I was so different.
I always had the dream
of moving out to California
and live the most
authentic life that I can,
living the gayest
life as possible.
All in all, I've spent
$75,000 in plastic surgery.
- I had my hairline lowered,
- because my forehead,
- you could film
- an IMAX movie on it.
I did 33,000 grafts.
- They took it from
- the back of my head,
and they moved it to the front.
- I've had a lot
- of fillers injected into
my cheekbones, jaw, and chin.
- Lip injections,
- silicone injection in the butt.
And as a ridiculously
skinny person with no fat,
I wanted to look more buff,
so I had my pec implants
done at 20, and I love them.
- So I was like, "Sh...,
- I have this amazing chest.
Well, I better do the arms."
So I did bicep implants
a few months ago.
I'm so happy I did it.
One looks amazing.
- Unfortunately, this one
- is just a little... ed up.
- I can feel
- the ridge a little bit,
of the implant,
and it's not pretty.
- This arm is fine.
- Don't touch this arm.
- This arm, she could
- use a little bit of work.
I am 100%, without a doubt,
going to be having
- plastic surgery
- for the rest of my life.
I don't agree with aging.
Aging doesn't
agree with me either.
♪♪♪
It's moving closer down
to my jawline,
closer to my ear,
towards my hairline,
and down further down my neck.
My name is Jazmyn,
and I literally have
a beast growing on my neck.
My birthmark looks
like a lightning bolt
shooting down my neck.
It bleeds, it cracks, it burns.
I sweat from it.
I'm over this thing!
She's on one right now.
She's on ten.
- I just don't want to have to
- deal with it any more.
Dealing with this thing just
consuming more of the attention
and more of the questions,
and more of people noticing it.
- When I'm out in public,
- I will always wear my hair down
- because I hate when
- people stare at me.
I just have a huge, ugly,
disgusting monster on my neck.
Running is
a favorite hobby of mine,
and when I sweat,
my mark gets inflamed.
If I scratch it
while it's sweating,
it will start bleeding.
I've seen two dermatologists,
and one of them gave me advice
on how to maintain my birthmark
with anti-itch cream
for the inflammation,
- make sure that I don't have
- any kind of moisture near it.
This is my trusty fan.
I call her Donna.
I take this fan
with me everywhere.
This second dermatologist
told me I would have to see
a plastic surgeon in order
for me to get it removed,
- because there's so many
- blood vessels in the neck.
Once puberty hit, it,
like, started to rapidly grow.
- I wonder, like,
- is it gonna keep growing?
Like, that's the scary part.
- You know, it's interesting when
- we talk about big birthmarks...
This young lady, Jazmyn, this
has been driving her crazy.
[gasping]
Whoa! That's a birthmark?!
Look at this area.
Back of the neck...
- They always say
- "tiger country," you know,
- when you're going in different
- areas, you're talking about
- those risky... you know,
- the vessels.
This is right in
probably one of the worst
- -areas you can have.
- -Boy, this is a tough problem.
Can you please send in Jazmyn?
- -Nice to meet you, Jazmyn.
- -Hi, nice to meet you.
Hi, I'm Dr. Nassif.
- With this mark,
- it's high maintenance.
- Like taking care
- of a kid, almost.
- You make sure
- it's clean, change it.
- I have to put ointment
- on it all the time.
It's my baby, but I'm
ready for this baby to go away.
- -Where are you guys from?
- -Chicago.
- -I love Chicago.
- -The pizza. I love the pizza.
- -Hot dogs.
- -Hot dogs!
We had a great hot dog.
- -Hey, look at that.
- -What?
- There's a wiener truck.
- I'm hungry.
- You don't have,
- like, a lettuce wrap, do you?
We don't do lettuce wraps here.
- Look at this,
- it's like a hot dog salad.
I'm not gonna eat the bread.
Mmm. That looks beautiful.
I don't feel that good.
- Whatever you do,
- do not pass gas now.
- Wait a minute.
- Let me be in the front.
I know what's coming next.
Great place,
great doctors,
which actually
brings up to you.
nevus, nevus sebaceous.
You know, you have that
- Yes, that's what
- they called it.
A nevus sebaceous is
a pretty large, significant,
and irritating birthmark,
but this is one of the largest
- nevus sebaceous
- I've seen on a patient.
-So you're born with it?
-Yes. I had a lighter patch.
It still had the same shape,
but it was smaller.
As I got older,
it just got bigger.
When did it start
to vertically elevate?
Roughly around 16 and 17.
That's not great news
that it continues to grow.
Now is the time to excise and
reconstruct before it becomes
too significant, too large,
when there's nothing we can do.
What is your relationship?
- -We're dating.
- -You're dating?
Yes, I can relate to her
because I have a cleft lip.
- I call it "the beauty mark,"
- because I love it.
-Beauty. What do you call it?
-Oh, my beast.
- -Your beast!
- -Beauty and the beast!
they say about us a lot.
That's what
[laughing]
- So now with you,
- what do you want to do?
If you can remove it,
I would really like it gone.
[choked]
It's really bad. It's a lot.
And... I'm sorry,
I'm not trying to cry, but...
It takes a toll on me
because I'm running,
and sleeping is rough.
The irritation,
the itching, and the burning.
It's just...
it's very uncomfortable.
- Jazmyn's situation
- is very difficult to hear.
I mean, she's been dealing
with this beast on her neck
- all these years, and I think
- it's gonna take a lot more than
some anti-itch cream
to solve her problem.
The stakes here
are really high because
this is in
a very, very unusual area.
Can I even find
a way to safely think...
- "safely" is
- the proper term here...
-to remove this.
-Yeah.
What makes Jazmyn's birthmark
very difficult is that
- it's extending into different
- parts of her neck where
there's a lot
of nerves, blood vessels.
- So if you remove it in
- the wrong way, you can cause
- what we call
- a "scar contracture,"
and her neck could
become really tight,
and she could
have limited movement.
-And I may not be able to.
-Yeah.
A very challenging case.
If I just tried to cut it out,
that wouldn't work.
- We would not
- be able to close your skin.
[sniffling]
When I was a little girl,
it was just in my head,
like, "I need calves."
In my last life,
I was a German soldier
and something
blew up next to my legs.
All right, let's take a peek.
- They call this
- a nevus sebaceous,
- and pretty much it's a big,
- large birthmark,
and it usually can go up
in your hairline.
along the back of your neck.
But with you, it's growing
This area right here is where
the tight skin is.
All right. You can go ahead
and sit this way.
- This is a very challenging case
- for anybody.
If I just went
inside there right now
- and tried to cut it out,
- that wouldn't work, because
the skin in the back of
the neck and behind the ear
- doesn't usually
- stretch that well.
- We would not
- be able to close your skin.
I may have a little idea.
- Really? I can't wait
- to hear this one.
-[chuckling]
-Tissue expansion.
- -Okay.
- -Huh.
What do you think?
- Yeah, I hadn't
- really thought about that.
We'd put this
tissue expander
underneath your
nevus sebaceous,
slowly expand it
to make the skin loose,
a good couple of weeks.
and that might take
-Okay.
-Take it out and then
go back in, and cutting
out that nevus sebaceous,
and then stitching it together.
[sniffling]
[emotional music]
So there's hope?
Definitely.
In the past,
I felt like a lost cause.
I felt like nobody
could really help me.
This mark has consumed
so much of my identity
that hearing there
being a strong possibility
of it being taken off,
- I feel like the heavens
- opened up and sang to me.
It's growing,
so this may actually be
the right timing as well.
- You will have a scar
- no matter what, though.
So at the final stage,
you can get tattooed.
What do you think?
- I feel like this will
- be a great possibility.
- You ever heard of
- a guy named Tone Loc?
- -Yes.
- -Do me a favor.
Say the words "wild thing."
- [suavely]
- "Wild thang."
[all laughing]
-That is exactly... Spot on.
-Yeah.
♪♪♪
AH! Oh, my gosh.
Ah! Ow! Oh, my God.
My name is Aia, and I've had
calf implants for 17 years.
All I wanted was bigger calves,
and now I have
deformed, purple legs,
and they don't
belong with my body.
- They look like they came
- from another human being.
So you're doing this every day?
Typically this is what I do.
Every day I have to
tape down my calf implants.
I was trying to think
of a way to compress it,
so I decided to use tape.
Tape it down.
I don't remember
what my legs look like.
I don't remember what
your legs look like!
I haven't seen
my real legs in 17 years.
I was born as
a normal, healthy child,
- and I could
- walk perfectly fine,
- I could run,
- do all kinds of things.
But it was, like,
this heavy idea on my mind
that I needed calves.
Where did this
obsession come from?
So when I got older, after
digging through my memories
in this lifetime, I decided
to do past-life regression.
[spiritual music]
I found my answer.
♪♪♪
It was a subconscious
memory from my past life.
In my last life,
I was a German soldier.
I was on the battlefield,
and something
blew up next to my legs.
- -Okay, are you guys...
- -[laughing]
It's so annoying, and at
night I will wake up because...
especially my right leg...
it feels like it's on fire.
- It feels like
- it's about to explode.
Since my last regression,
I was able to resolve
my past life's
weird calf obsession,
and I just want these
implants out of my body.
Dr. Dubrow is
definitely my last resort,
and he's gonna be,
like, my life savior.
Look at this.
This is a patient named Aia.
She had calf implants
that went very wrong.
- That is not
- a good-looking calf.
Yeah. Let's bring
Aia in and help her.
Can you please send in Aia?
-Aia!
-Hello!
- -Nice to meet you.
- -Hi, Dr. Nassif.
- I'm Terry Dubrow,
- pleasure to meet you.
- -Is this your sister?
- -[Natalya laughing]
- I feel like
- I'm dreaming right now.
I'm hoping Dr. Dubrow
can remove these implants
so I can meet my real
legs for the first time.
-Is that weird?
-[chuckling]
- You clearly
- have a complication.
Uh, yeah.
- So what's going on
- with the calf implants?
- 'Cause that's usually an
- operation done on bodybuilders.
- I don't look
- like a bodybuilder?
No, you don't!
When I was a little girl,
it was just in my head,
-like, "I need calves."
-A little kid?
Like, before elementary school.
And when I was in high school,
I would create
my own implants.
I'll show you what
it looked like.
So, here they are.
- -There you go.
- -Wow.
- This is what you used
- in high school?
Yes. So I would make those
and tape it to my leg.
-Were you aware of this?
-Me? No.
- Not when she was in
- high school doing this?
And no reason to tell mom?
- This was just...
- you kept this to yourself.
No, I knew it wasn't,
like, a normal thing
-for a teenager to do.
-Very unusual.
- All I know,
- when I was in high school,
- I wasn't checking out
- girls' calves.
- I was dreaming
- about calf implants.
Like, "Please, can I just turn
18 and get plastic surgery?"
- -That's what I wanted.
- -No kidding.
When did you become aware
that she had calf implants,
and when did you
start to see this thing?
- She told me she wanted to
- do this surgery, and I said,
- "Okay, if you don't feel
- comfortable, of course
- I'm gonna support you,
- I'm gonna help you."
- -Okay.
- -At 18, I got it done,
and they were too small.
I felt like I didn't
get what I was looking for.
In 2014, I got these
bigger calf implants.
-Wow.
-Then in a week, I noticed that
- my right leg wasn't
- looking right, 'cause it was
more swollen, so I went
back to my plastic surgeon
- and he's like,
- "Well, you're still healing.
- Give it time,
- let the swelling go away."
- And I'm like,
- "Well, my left one is okay,
and my right one
is looking kind of purple."
- -Purple?
- -As you get lower to, like,
the bottom part of my implant,
I can't feel anything.
- -So you have a nerve injury?
- -Apparently.
-What about pain?
-The right one is painful.
I can't work out. I haven't
been working out in years.
Is your pain getting worse?
- Is your numbness
- getting worse with time?
- I feel like my pain
- is definitely getting worse.
- I mean, it's
- a million other things.
Like?
I've never worn
a dress in my life.
- -[gasps]
- -Never!
I have to tape my leg
to compress it so that
- it's not sticking
- out like a brick.
- I don't want to keep
- packing my leg, like,
[mimicking tape ripping]
Tape sound every day.
Like... I can't hear it anymore.
- I went to see
- all kind of doctors,
- even the reconstructive
- top surgeons, and they said
this is very complicated,
just to get it out.
-You mean to remove it?
-To just simply remove it,
and that's what I was
asking for. I'm like,
-Just a simple removal.
-"I just want it out."
Removing calf implants
is in a way more difficult
then putting them in, because
they can be scarred into place,
- you don't know what plane
- they're in, you don't know
how close they are to any
of the sensory or motor nerves.
- So I can understand why very
- few surgeons were interested in
helping Aia with the problem.
What's gonna happen if
overnight you're back to
square one, or calf one?
I mean, there is a real concern
that you may have
a big psychological explosion.
I understand your point,
but I'm experiencing
a lot of pain right now.
- So I'm just ready
- for them to come out.
-Okay. You have no choice.
-Mhm.
Oh, this is wonderful!
How much for this?
-She expensive.
-Now I'm hoping that Dr. Nassif
- and Dr. Dubrow do
- all this on me now that
- they're getting
- these ideas in my head.
So we're making an incision
on the posterior border.
We have to be very careful.
There's a huge, big
blood vessel called
the carotid artery that could
actually slow the heart rate
♪ I wanna be perfect ♪
♪♪♪
- -All right.
- -[Aia screeching]
- -[imitating tape ripping]
- -No, don't do that!
Ow, ow, ow!
Let's just do
a regular exam on you.
So pull up. Okay, so...
and then push this way.
Let me see this one first.
Okay, so this one goes up
like this, and it goes
around like that.
But look at this one.
Where is this piece?
It abruptly stops here.
- -Ow!
- -That hurts?
-Mhm.
-So it's there.
- -Where is this?
- -Is it bent on itself?
- -It must be bent on itself.
- -Yeah.
So that's why you may
be getting nerve compression.
Aia's right calf implant
is actually very concerning.
- It appears to be folded under,
- and when that happens, it could
be a lot closer to motor or
sensory nerves that could be
easily injured and give her
a very significant problem.
It looks like they put these in
behind your knee on each side,
- okay?
- Big incisions.
- All right, have a seat.
- Let me tell you.
I make an incision
through that scar.
You may think it's a simple
matter of just grabbing it and
- [clicks tongue]
- pulling it out.
That could be buried
right in a major blood vessel
or a major nerve,
and just by taking it out,
it could disrupt a motor nerve
and give you
a potential foot drop
or a problem moving your ankle,
which is a disaster.
[menacing music]
You are instantly disabled.
- You wake up
- forever more disabled.
-Oh my Gosh.
-Are you willing to
- take the risk
- in getting these out?
♪♪♪
Um, so I did expect to have
a possible complication.
- I've already
- replayed that in my mind,
- -many times.
- -All right.
There's nothing that can
be done but to remove them.
I understand
the risks involved,
but my nerves are damaged.
They can only get worse.
I want these babies out.
-Bye-bye, implants.
[upbeat music]
- It's almost time for
- your first surgery.
How do you feel about that?
- -Like I know I'm gonna be fine.
- -All right.
This is going to be
a little bit of a journey,
but I am really excited about
going through this process,
- especially with
- these two doctors,
- Dr. Nassif
- and Dr. Dubrow.
- Honestly, they are the dopest
- doctors I've ever met.
[electronic music]
♪♪♪
For Jazmyn's surgery today,
I will first make an incision
on the posterior border
of the large nevus sebaceous,
- then I will undermine the skin
- in order to form a pocket
in which we can insert
the tissue expander
that's clear of any
arteries and nerves.
Next, we will inject
saline into the expander
- and then see if we're able
- to excise some of the nevus
to minimize the size
of it before closing.
So we're making
an incision on what we call
the posterior border.
Okay, we're elevating...
this is called
"undermining the skin."
- I want to make sure I'm not
- too deep, and so if I'm able
to see the edge
of my scissors like this,
I know I'm in a good plane.
- We have to be very careful when
- we put in this tissue expander
in the neck. There's
a huge, big blood vessel
- called the carotid artery
- that could actually
slow the heart rate down
if too much pressure is on it.
Also, there's the vagus nerve,
- and this is
- one of the cranial nerves.
And if you put pressure on it,
- it can slow down
- most of your bodily functions.
I want this skin expanded.
Give us some saline.
- All right, so we're gonna
- go ahead and blow it out.
So right now we have
40cc into the expander.
- We have to continue
- to inflate the tissue expander
over the next couple of weeks.
- And as we close this, we do
- have a little extra movement
of the skin, so we can cut out
a little bit of the nevus,
- and that's gonna basically
- help kind of get rid of
maybe about a third of it.
That's a bonus.
And we're done
for stage one. Great job.
- ["Bag of Tricks"
- by Miss Triniti]
♪ Bag of tricks,
now watch me move ♪
- -Show me what you bought me.
- -They're samples that I built.
- -Oh, you made these?
- -Of course!
- -Okay, okay, let me see.
- -All right.
- -What is that?
- -Looks like a piece of salmon.
- What the hell is this?
- Is this for down here?
- No,
- that's not for down there!
- We could design
- you one like that.
- -I don't really need it.
- -It's just a good idea.
Justin is, like,
the concierge of implants.
He designed the both
my bicep and pec implants.
I mean, he's the best
designer of implants
that I've ever met or know,
or even heard of.
- What did you pick
- when you did your shoulders?
Hah, which time?
- Cause I'm looking at
- about 15,000 for this.
That's actually not horrendous.
- That does not
- include pieces, then.
- Then had six
- opportunities for infection
- and the liability on
- six pieces. That's a lot.
Okay, so I just feel
like you're going to take it
- to a state where
- you can't come back from.
- And I'm just like,
- really worried.
I'm scared about something
like, you get an infection...
-That can be taken care of.
-It rejects from your body.
- Someone has to
- follow their passion.
It seems like something that
- Tyler is
- passionate about.
- I mean,
- I'm not here to knock it.
- I'm here to help if he
- thinks it's going to make him
- -feel better about himself.
- -Okay.
- Every single
- thing that I've done,
- minus a little bit
- of this bicep, I love,
and I like
everything to be perfect.
- When there isn't
- something that's perfect,
I want it fixed. Oh, this is
wonderful. How much for this?
She expensive.
- I'm hoping that Dr. Nassif
- and Dr. Dubrow do all this
- on me now that they're getting
- these ideas in my head.
- You're going to
- be a whole new person.
♪♪♪
-How are you?
-Hello!
- It's good to see you.
- You know Dr. Mest,
anesthesia extraordinaire.
So obviously,
the thing we worry about
is how hard is it going
to be to dissect this out?
I mean, let's be honest.
This is high risk plastic
surgery. This is no joke.
That's why everyone said no.
- There is
- a reason why calf implants
are not a popular procedure
- and very few
- plastic surgeons do them
because they can move,
they can compress nerves.
away from the heart,
They're very far
- and just putting them
- in can cause a lot of damage.
- Imagine what
- taking them out can do.
♪♪♪
The plan with Aia
today is to make an incision
through previous scars
on the back of her knees.
- I'll then
- attempt to dissect down
- and find the pockets
- that surround the implants.
Next, I'll try to pull
the implants out in one piece
without having to make
any additional incisions.
Then, we'll be able to close
and Aia will
finally be implant-free.
"Yeah, we'll just make
an incision and pull it out.
"This will take five minutes,"
said no calf
implant surgeon ever.
A lot of structures in
there that can be injured
by taking this out.
I've only done a couple
of calf implant surgeries
in my career because of the
overall risks of the operation.
has a very significant problem.
But in Aia's case, she
So, I'm going to do
anything I can to try help.
- All right. We'll start
- by making an incision.
Hopefully we'll get
into the same dissection tunnel
- that they used
- to create the pocket.
Don't think we're
anywhere near the nerves, okay?
I'm in the pocket.
Where are you?
I could feel the tip of
my finger if I could grab it.
Ah, sh...
Exactly what
I didn't want to happen now.
There we go. Let
the tearing begin.
My worst nightmare is,
kind of, coming true.
The calf implant in
Aia's compartment is tearing,
- and last time I checked,
- tearing.
This is why
nobody wanted to do this.
[bleep]
Jazmyn just
gets home to Chicago,
and the expander pops somehow,
and then the nightmare starts.
You had botox at age 15?
At 15. I may or may not have
maybe bought a Groupon.
- And they never said,
- "Hey, how old are you?"
No.
Just tears so easily,
I'm trying as hard as I can
- to do Aia's
- operation through one incision
in the upper part of her leg.
And if I tear
the implant too much,
I may leave
parts of it in there.
- And if I do that,
- I may have to make an incision
- in her ankle.
- I don't want to do that
because that's where
all the nerves are located.
Ah, if I can just
release this. Come on here.
That's better.
It's a bigger space.
Come on, baby, come on
out. There's the head of it.
-Come on, baby.
-Deep breath in.
- Oh no, tearing,
- tearing down. Come on. Come on.
Wow. Wow.
Oh, it was turned under.
This is the biggest
calf implant I've ever seen.
- Look how big
- this is. It's huge.
You ever see one this big?
- The good news is I didn't
- have to dissect it out sharply
- with the risk
- of cutting a nerve.
The question is,
do we leave any in here?
That's it. Out one,
down one to go. Uh oh.
This one is way
further in. Damn.
There is always the chance
of a blunt injury to the nerve.
Come on, you know, don't grip,
don't tear, don't tip.
- Whoa, whoa,
- whoa why is it tearing?
- Why is it tearing?
- Don't tear, don't tear.
What a weird, friggin thing.
I think it was really
shoved in a compartment
that was too small.
What's sort of ironic
is that she naturally
has kind of wide calves anyway.
Why did she need
these to begin with?
And more importantly,
- why did the surgeon agree
- to do them in the first place?
- This is exactly
- where she was having
those nerve symptoms
with the pain and numbness.
It's very possible that in
pulling it out,
I cut the nerve.
- We won't know till we check her
- post-operative to see
if she has numbness or not.
Now, that Aia's calf
implants are completely out,
that's very good, but it will
be better if postoperatively,
she has no
evidence of nerve damage.
- So here's hoping. All right,
- let's close it up.
♪♪♪
- -Well hello, young lady!
- -Hi, hi, hi.
Look at you!
The next part
of Jazmyn's surgery
- is to continue to
- inflate the tissue expanders
so that
the skin begins to expand.
- So, what do you have
- total in there right now?
-Probably be up to about 90 CCs.
-Oh, it's healing well.
It's just funny because
I can feel the cooling of it.
- Only having a couple more weeks
- with my lovely Belle, the bag.
The bag. Yes,
her name is Belle.
her. And knowing that, like,
I'm going to miss
- I have something
- right here and I can touch it
and feel it, I like,
I definitely should have gone
into the medical
field for this purpose.
Like, I can feel the saline.
- -You like it?
- -Uh-huh.
- You know what it is?
- [gruffly] It's wild thing.
[suavely] Wild thing.
[thumping bass]
♪♪♪
As you can tell, I'm like a
really big and puffy all over.
[ambulance siren blaring]
♪♪♪
- So here's
- the outline of the implant,
- probably
- the beginning of infection.
Jazmyn just
gets home to Chicago,
and then the nightmare starts.
- She wakes up
- and everything is really wet.
- Jazmyn had to be
- rushed to the emergency room
because the expander
popped somehow.
What does that mean?
Expander has to come out.
Can you find
the hole of the expander?
It's gotten horrible.
Wow, that's like,
leaking everywhere.
What caused Jazmyn's
tissue expander to pop?
I have no clue.
I really hope this complication
didn't derail any of the great
progress that we made.
Now we need to
get it back to L.A,
we going to put it another
and see are
- expander in or are
- we just going to cut out
the rest
of the nevus completely?
I just hope that
there are no more surprises.
♪♪♪
- I want to know,
- based on this picture,
who do you think Tyler
is friends with? Take a look.
- Oh, Justin. Is that... is
- that supposed to be a bicep?
- Yeah, I knew it.
- That's, that's a bicep. Mobile?
- Not even mobile. It's like
- you can completely turn it
or manipulate or something.
- Let's see what Tyler wants.
- Can you please send in Tyler?
Hey guys.
- There he is. Tyler, how are you?
- Dr. Dubrow, Dr. Nassif.
- -Nice to meet you.
- -Paris.
- -Hi, Paris.
- -Nice to meet you.
-I like this!
-Thank you.
Country outfits. Sit down.
- Oh yeah, I just realized that.
- We're kinda twinning today.
This is country Western,
that is...
-That country gay.
-Or country gay.
[all laughing]
Okay, so let's get right to it.
- How did you
- become aware of Justin?
I did my high school
debate project on him.
- Actually,
- I was pro-plastic surgery
- and I had
- a debate the opposite side.
And, so I brought up Justin
- as someone that
- really designed their body.
- And it's
- something that anyone can do.
- If you feel like there's
- something wrong with you,
change it.
- I can never see any of my kids
- even thinking about that.
But you didn't just
debate plastic surgery.
- You debated
- a very unusual portion.
Yes, absolutely.
I was never on the debate team.
But if I were,
I can tell you one thing.
I would have
been a master debater.
[chuckling]
So, take us back to,
sort of, your body journey.
- I was 15
- the first time I had Botox.
-You had Botox at age 15?
-At 15.
- Did you show them
- fake I.D. or something?
- No, they didn't
- even ask for an I.D.
And they never said,
"Hey, how old are you?"
No. It was an eye doctor.
- I let an eye doctor
- inject me with Botox.
I may or may not
have maybe bought a Groupon
- Did you get fillers as well,
- or just Botox then?
- -I had a filler a month later.
- -You did?
- Mh-hm. That's where
- I really stemmed off from.
- What was the first
- body implant thing you did?
Pec implants.
- Did they put it
- through the nipple? The areola?
- No, no,
- they went under the armpit.
- Okay, and are
- you happy with those?
- I love them. I'm gonna
- go a little bigger. Of course.
- You know, your body
- gets bigger. You get older.
Right. Right, and then
bicep implants. Same doctor.
This arm healed
wonderful. It was great.
- This arm, on the other hand,
- it doesn't feel
- as well incorporated
- as this one does.
- -I can almost flip it halfway.
- -Wow.
- So what would you want
- Dr. Dubrow to do to your arm?
I would want for you to
put it where it should be.
But once that's perfect,
- I'm gonna do
- a three piece shoulder.
- So once I do
- that and add a tricep,
- maybe we'll look
- a little bit better.
- So, wow, you're
- going to go the whole upper
-and lower body implant thing?
-Absolutely.
What do you think about that?
- Rather than go to the gym,
- do that.
Yeaah!
- Yes, just remember, you
- have to leave with me today.
Yes, you can go to
the gym! Drink some Ensure!
Hah, drink some Ensure!
Paris, the shady bitch!
- I just don't
- like the whole fact,
seeing that your arm right now,
this damn thing is mobile
is dangerous to my mind.
You need to go see it.
- So let's take a look and see
- what's going on. All right?
Yes, let's do it.
So, let me take...
Oh, my gosh.
It's been 17 years.
I want my calf implants back.
Whoa, whoa, it's slipping.
[gasping]
It could go into your armpit.
I might pass out.
Do you mind? Okay. So
you're happy with these, yeah?
- Because normally
- the implant should go below
the areola and it's...
Sitting at the areola.
It might be even above.
- -[bleep]
- -Let me see this.
This is the good one.
- So you have
- the incisions made there,
and healed those really well.
Okay, but you're right,
- this one you can
- turn this way too.
I mean, look,
say let's see what
the story is with this one.
- Oh, yeah, whoa,
- whoa, it's slipping.
[Paris gasping]
Look, it goes into your armpit,
Yeah, I might pass out.
Are you okay?
Yeah, it's looks crazy to me.
Listen, like
you're twisting something,
like doing cartwheels,
inside of your arm like that,
just you don't play with that.
- God made you the way you are.
- You don't mess with that.
Don't change it. Like,
that's just too much.
- -Hello.
- -Oof. That bugs you out, huh?
-Yeah. Not a fan of that.
-Your face got all white.
- Yeah, I'm. I'm sorry,
- I didn't mean...
No, no, no, you're good.
Sit down for a second.
- I'm not happy. I've spent a lot
- of money on this. I'm not happy.
You're only two body parts into
this body modification thing.
You, kind of,
have issues with all of it.
going to move around more.
Those implants, they're
- I wouldn't be
- surprised they didn't end up
- back in your
- triceps or down in your elbow
or they're certainly
already in your armpits.
They're movable.
They're flipping.
This one I can
flip in two seconds.
I could turn it upside down.
Okay.
Mm.
I am in shock about
this car wreck of news
- that I just
- got from Dr. Dubrow.
This is not what
I expected it to be.
I thought it was a simple fix.
I think you should
consider taking them out.
I'll think it over.
I don't even know what to say.
- I'm so at a loss for
- words after you did that.
- Like, I don't know
- what the [bleep] to say.
- I think the point that
- you have to think about,
after you're not pissed,
- is the continuation down
- this path. If it's worth it.
Yeah.
And that's that.
Our job is done here.
- Yeah. I just
- need to take some time
by myself
and think things through.
I am so heartbroken.
- -Great pleasure meeting you.
- -Thanks.
-Thank you.
-Good luck with the journey.
You turned, like, pale.
- I am like
- really upset. I'm upset.
- You have a whole another color
- on your face right now.
I'm afraid I do.
♪♪♪
Good morning!
How are you?
How are you guys?
Well, how do you feel now?
I feel fine.
I just noticed
- that it's still just
- a little tender around here,
- but not as bad as it
- was when I had the expander.
-So let's do this.
-Let's rock and roll.
Our goal today is to remove it
as much of the nevus
sebaceous as possible
and try not to place
another tissue expander.
Once I examine the tissue,
I might say I'm not touching it
- and we'll put a tissue
- expander inside of her neck,
- but we're not going to know
- 'til we get inside surgery.
Okay, so this is
going to be tricky.
- That's why before
- we make an incision,
- I want to just see
- if I can balloon it up
a little bit more.
Oh, look at that.
I like that. That's
what you call auto-undermining.
- This is doing
- the surgery for us here
- and in that fluid
- underneath the skin,
- it's just lifting
- out the skin. There we go.
And just did it for us.
- Is there any
- movement at all or no?
It's actually really good.
- Alright,
- so removing any tissue at all
that had a hint of the nevus.
- This there's
- a good amount of laxity
- in Jazmyn's neck in as
- I'm playing with the tissue,
it looks like I can
remove all the nevus.
This is a beautiful stitch.
This means we will not
have to come back again.
- We do not have to
- use a tissue expander.
Yeah, we were lucky!
- We were able to remove what
- appears to be all the nevus.
- I got my fingers
- crossed for Jazmyn.
- You don't need
- any more surprises.
- Our goal would be to
- have the scar heal well,
- but there still
- would be a discoloration.
- And so we'll do
- with medical tattooing
- of the surrounding tissue
- to make it all look normal.
This will be the cherry on top.
Okay, Jazmyn, God willing,
- you're going to be
- very happy with this
- and no more
- chronic itching and pain.
♪♪♪
Hello, how are you?
I'm walking!
- Let me see.
- I want to make sure...
here, step on the gas.
Pull up in,
yes! Any numbness, anything?
- -No. Nothing.
- -Can you feel all this?
I can feel it. I don't
feel the pain I'm used to.
So, that's gone.
- You don't? You have
- compression neuralgia for sure.
That was pressing on nerves.
- If you get instant relief and
- it's still gone, that's done.
-Good job!
-So far, so good.
Before the surgery,
I felt like someone
is making fire in my calf.
And today,
day one after surgery,
I just don't feel
that feeling anymore.
It feels strange,
but it feels amazing.
- -So, here they are.
- -Oh my Gosh.
- -Look how big they were.
- -Those are big.
- I've never seen
- calf implants this big.
I mean, these are huge.
So let me take...
Oh, my gosh.
It's been 17 years.
♪♪♪
I want my calf implants back.
No, I'm kidding.
Don't even tell me.
It feels so
weird to see my legs.
- Isn't it nice?
- Now you have nice legs.
It goes better with my body.
- You are going to have
- a little bit of a depression
until you build up that muscle,
- which means we
- need some work with you.
Well, I'm super
happy you got it out.
-Yay!
-Thank you!
Great to see you guys. Heal,
have a great day. Thank you.
- You're going to
- take it for the memory?
Oh my God, no.
DO you want to take it home?
My obsession has left
my brain with my calf implants.
I can't believe
this was inside of my body
for six years.
This is just crazy.
Goodbye, implants.
No more of that.
By doing the medical tattoo,
we will blend it in with
Jazmyn's natural skin color
and they'll be no
more memory of the beast.
-Love it.
-That is incredible.
I was suffering
with a daily pain
and numbness down my legs.
Now I look at
my legs. It's like,
"Wow, those are
mine. I love those."
Ever sin I
with bigger calves,
and after two
failed calf augmentations,
my calves look like
they truly did not belong
to my body.
♪ I am in love ♪
♪ Never giving up ♪
♪ Giant victory ♪
Now that this horrible
journey is over with my calves,
I just feel
the unicorn sparkly rain
all over my original
calves and I love them.
Before my surgery,
- I used to
- compress my calf implants
with a duct
tape on daily basis,
and I was
suffering with daily pain
and numbness down my legs.
But now, thanks to Dr. Dubrow,
my horrible implants are out.
The pain and numbness
have vanished completely.
And now in the morning,
instead of all that
taping and hiding, compressing,
I enjoy a cup
of coffee and talk to my legs.
I look at my legs, it's like,
- "Wow. Oh,
- those are mine. I love those."
- It's amazing to
- see you wearing a dress.
Can I see you?
Sure. So I'll
show you. How do I look?
Turn around.
Spin, do a little curtsy.
Yes!
I used to hate
looking at my legs,
but now I can just
wear anything I want.
Short skirts,
dresses, you name it.
I'm not hiding anymore.
- I feel like I've
- lost weight without, like,
being on the diet.
So how many pounds you lost?
Maybe 10 or 15.
Oh my God!
Yeah, because
those cafe implants,
they were, like, enormous.
My implant-free legs
and I are best friends.
I look more feminine,
and I look skinnier,
which is a benefit.
No more implants for me,
no more self-made calves.
None of that.
- Thanks to Dr. Dubrow,
- he did a really good job.
Yeah! Since the removal
of my calf implants,
I went back to hug
myself in my previous life.
And say, "Well, this is
your life, but it's not mine."
And I just feel free, I feel
like now I can enjoy this life
in this body the way it is.
Definitely feel
better. Feel free.
me with my old legs.
I feel like new
[all laughing]
♪♪♪
Well, hello, young lady!
-Oh, hi.
-Look at that hair.
-Thanks!
-How are you? How's it going?
- -How's this healing?
- -Good, how are you? Great.
- You have the numbing
- cream on right now?
- -Yes.
- -Okay, can you turn your head?
Okay, Ruth is our incredible
Medical Micropigmentation
Specialist.
By doing the medical tattoo,
- we'll blend it in with
- Jazmyn's natural skin color,
and there'll be no more memory
of the nevus sebaceous,
AKA, the Beast.
- -So, let's get started.
- -Let's do this.
This is my first tattoo ever.
[tattoo gun buzzing]
- Out of all the places that
- I thought I'd get a tattoo,
my neck is not one of them.
Not bad. I might fall
asleep during this process.
You know what? I love that.
- I thought I would get
- one on my wrist, my forearm,
my foot, somewhere
else other than my neck.
Huh? Do you love it?
Oh, that is incredible.
Oh, my goodness.
When I first met Jazmyn,
she was terrorized by
this beast. Take a look.
What?
- And now, she is
- rocking that short hair,
she's confident she's
got a smile on her face,
- and that's what makes
- everything I do worth it.
- Words can't
- explain how excited I am
- and how eternally
- grateful I am to you
for everything
that you've done.
- Like I lost all hope.
- And I really, really am like,
- oh my God,
- thank you so much.
- We're so happy to
- hear that you're happy.
That's it. That's the main one.
Thank you!
- -Bye!
- -Bye.
- Well, my beauty
- mark is really gone.
- -It is gone.
- -I'mma miss it.
I'm not.
I feel like a new Jazmyn.
For 21 years,
all I saw was the beast,
and now she's no
longer on my neck,
I just feel liberated.
♪ Something better, something
better, something better ♪
All I can feel like
doing is just screaming
and jumping for joy.
Before my surgery,
my irritating bleeding,
beastly mark was
all I thought about,
but thanks to Dr. Nassif,
I now have a beautiful neck
- and the itching,
- the burning, the bleeding,
the irritation,
everything is gone.
The beast lost, like
she lost. ♪ShortHairDon'tCare.